this question of you know from vegan
cannibalism vegans attacking and
denouncing other vegans just to get
views just to get there a little bit of
money a little bit of fame arm I just
had a comment you know ethics applies to
how human being Street of the human
beings very true for me a lot of the
issues here in publishing on YouTube are
fundamentally similar to questions of
publishing books you have to be rigorous
in writing a book a non-fiction what
ideas are really your own what ideas are
you borrowing from other people where
are you being influenced by other
people's worker research what's original
what's derivative it's a crucial you
know ethical issues you have to be
upfront about to what extent are your
opinions based on really reading another
person's work or not to give you an
example I used to write about you know
history of religion it's totally
possible that i would post something
where i saw a post using internet terms
i would write an article or contribute a
you know an article to a book where i
would have to say as a disclaimer look
I'm responding to this other scholars
work about Buddhism but I actually
haven't read his book of his books or
his his articles I haven't read his work
on Islam because the same author will
have written on on more than one topic
that may not sound like a big deal but
it really is part of having intellectual
integrity it's part of the the moral
code of being an author I mean so
honesty doesn't just mean you admit when
you've done something wrong or terrible
honesty in publishing in writing in
being a creative person or in being a
scholar or intellectual or even debating
politics means that you're upfront about
what you know how you know it how you
came to form your own opinion and even
your motivations even talking honestly
about why you're pursuing this point so
I mean you know what I see on youtube
with in veganism these days with this
kind of cannibalism it's lacking all of
those virtues so I'm going to talk about
keeping it real add a question from
peanut butter um that's a name
that's a person named peanut butter jams
I had a question saying well you know
what does keeping it real mean to you I
always used to point out that one of the
one of the crucial problems with musial
adji with the way museums present their
information was that museums lacked any
such code of honesty that you would have
in writing an academic article or in
publishing a book on a topic you would
have a museum making a claim I remember
one that really offended me there was a
totally political hatchet job in a
museum washington DC about the history
and politics of Sudan aka the Sudan and
at that time I had actually done some
research on the history and politics of
Sudan and this was full lives and you
know of course that would be offensive
you actually from the Sudan etc but at
that time it was linked to making
excuses for the Clinton administration's
policy in Sudan which included some
bombings dropping some bombs on a
medicine factory and some other bizarre
things so I mean you know when you look
at text written on the wall in a museum
why doesn't it have to live up to the
same standard as text written on a page
in a book or in an article etc etc right
and so I've got to kind of ask the same
question about keeping it real and the
ethics of you know what we do here in
the digital vegan demi-monde i do not
think it's ethical to come on camera and
say well i haven't watched your video
but how how can i write a critique you
know for publishing an article saying
well look i didn't read the book that
i'm reviewing but here's my review why
didn't read the primary source document
i have an act like if you write an
article well i haven't read that the
Constitution United States of America
but here's what's wrong with it no you
got to read it and then you got a site
what other scholars have you read whose
opinions are influencing you what are
your sources in terms of the information
and in terms of your attitude towards
the information and you even have to
talk honestly about what motivates you
so me why are you criticizing this part
of the United States Constitution and it
makes your writing better if you're
ready
article keeping it real it makes you
less pretentious it makes you may
engages with your reader so you might
begin an article like that by saying
look when I was ten years old there was
a shooting on my block and somebody was
shot dead and then when I was 11 and 12
I followed that case when I went through
the courts and since that time I've
really been concerned about how the
Constitution is interpreted in terms of
the right to own guns great great way to
open an article and it's honest and it's
real and it's human and it's meaningful
and it's worth talking about right but
now you gotta say okay here's the
research i did and you've got us i mean
if you never read the US Constitution
you shouldn't be running the article all
here's what i read here's what shape my
thinking here's what directed me that's
all the stuff you should share in a
intellectually rigorous honest way you
know what I'm saying so what does
keeping it real mean to me and what does
it mean in terms of the the cannibalism
these you know nasty backbiting
attitudes it's more than just not lying
it's more than just admitting when like
vegan cheetah you're making up a story
or lying to people you're intentionally
you know generating gossip that you
again he knows to be false it's really a
step beyond that it's about being honest
with yourself and it's about you know a
kind of rigor that again one of the good
things about it is that it's more
engaging with your audience I admit you
guys all the time look I care about this
issue because it reflects my background
in Buddhism but his studies it reflects
my background in doing humanitarian work
in Laos it reflects my background in the
caring about the politics of China or
some research i did in japan whatever it
is the problem of that and you know
again if you watch that one video i did
with zaria the agony of activism we talk
honestly about you know what it's like
being around animals that are having a
throat slit what's like being around the
violence that's a normal part of the
slaughterhouse industry of the
meatpacking industry what it was like
for me to be in Laos on a farm so again
i'm admitting i'm talking about
motivations i'm talking about my source
information talk about why i care and
now here's my argument for you right who
that's that's it I mean that's keeping
it real keeping it real is an academic
virtue it's an author's virtue it's a
stand-up comedians virtue and I mean
what we do here on on YouTube it
incorporates elements of all those
genres right in some ways it's a lot
like stand-up comedy then in some ways I
mean if you're gonna get into you know
criticizing the material on my channel
yes at a minimum you've got to actually
watch the video and you've got to be
honest and forthcoming but what you
watched and why you why you respond to
it that way and uh I was talking to
another youtuber in a private
conversation by skype the other day and
he was saying some really weird stuff
with my channel and what part just has
to ask him like you know my channels
over 400 idios about how many of you
watched and he said maybe five by the
end of the conversation I thought more
like maybe three I wasn't mad at him but
very often when people have
misconceptions about what I said or why
I said it what the theme of the thesis
the video was the reason is because they
haven't watched the video let alone of
course they haven't watched related
videos so yeah citing your sources being
honest about what you know and how you
know it it's not just for writing
university paper people it's something
that makes your whole life meaningful
it's something I've got to be honest
about even if I'm doing a review of a
rap album of the internet how did I come
to listen to this album what would my
expectations before I heard the album
etc etc this pattern i'm talking about
about keeping it real it's a lot more
than just university papers what